seo for beginners the easiest way to
build links links are the hardest factor
to manipulate when it comes to seo and
without them it's almost impossible to
rank at the top of google but before i
teach you the easiest way to build links
let me break down how they work with seo
there are two main factors your on page
seo and then your off page seo your off
page seo is essentially links it's other
websites linking to you the more
websites that link to yours the more
quote unquote votes your site is getting
which helps you rank higher
now not all links are equal links from
sites like new york times or bbc are
considered to be more authoritative and
powerful than links from a random site
that's just starting out and links from
well-known sites like the ones i
mentioned are tougher to get hence they
help you more with seo
so how do you get those links well there
are three ways
one
create infographics people love visual
images that help explain what you're
trying to convey for example here's an
infographic that breaks out how fast a
cheetah runs how cool is that it's
animated it moves it's kind of like a
gif that's a great way to represent
information people love linking to stuff
like that
they tend to easily generate links
because people love visual content that
helps explain the message and you can
find a lot of these people who to help
you create these infographics that are
quote unquote animated and very visual
on sites like dribble and you can find a
lot of designers to help you create them
at a very affordable prices
two release free tools did you know that
i bought a tool called answer the public
and before that i bought a tool called
uber says uber suggest has roughly 25
446 unique backlinks and to the public
has roughly 24 390 unique backlinks
that's a lot of links
when you release a free tool
over time people just naturally link to
it you don't gotta do outreach you don't
gotta hit a lot of people up literally a
lot of people just naturally link to it
why because it's free now if you release
something for free that everyone else
has already released for free harder
generate links but if you release
something for free that people are
usually used to paying for
really easy to generate links you don't
really have to do much other than
release it on your site and just be
patient and if you can't afford to build
a unique tool use sites like codecanyon
to find a tool that's good and put it on
your own website
three
releasing tools or infographics or
content isn't good enough you have to
beg for links
not like ask i'm talking about literally
bank
in the uber says app i want you to go to
the backlinks opportunity report you can
find it in the sidebar by clicking on
backlinks and then backlinks opportunity
in this report put in your url and then
put in two or three competitors ideally
three
it will show you all the people who link
to your competitors but not to you just
think of it this way if someone links a
handful of your competitors but they
don't link to you it means that they
don't really favor one competitor or
other because they're linking to a lot
of players in your space
so you want to hit them up see what
pages they're linking to your competitor
sites first and you want to hit them up
and say all right here's similar pages
on my website and here's why they're
different and here's why mine are better
and here's why you should link to me
email each of those sites asking to link
to your web page explain again why
you're providing more value than the
competitors and it'll cause you to get
more links and if your web page isn't
better than your competitors go and
adjust it make it better than theirs and
then send off the emails don't send off
the emails if your pages aren't as good
and if you actually don't have any
similar pages to your competitors that
people are linking to go and create them
but again make sure that it's better
than the competitors and if you can't
find the email address of these site
owners use tools like hunter.io which
will give you their email address for
free now if you enjoyed this video like
it share it tell the people about it and
if you want my team to just help build
links for you check out my ad agency np
digital where we help companies like
yours